NETFLIX PRESENTS
GROUNDBREAKING SOON
FOR KOLARÄNGEN SHOPPING MALL
THIS WILL MAKE THE MUNICIPALITY GROW
TODAY'S AGENDA
THE CONFERENCE
All through the town
The doors of the bus
Are opened and shut
Opened and shut
The doors of the bus
Are opened and shut
All through the town
The driver of the bus says
Go back in the bus
All through the town
Are we there?
Okay, guys.
We'll be making a short stop soon.
The dad on the bus goes
Hush, hush, hush
All through the town
Okay, guys, it's about to become reality.
Kolarängen shopping mall.
Not bad for a bunch of municipal workers
who just make coffee
and fill out forms all day.
No, joking aside,
tomorrow will be a historic day
for the municipality.
When the ground is broken
in front of the press,
we should be proud
of all the amazing opportunities
that the mall will give Kolarängen.
So, fasten your seatbelts,
'cause here we go!
Now that we've all gathered here,
I'd like to draw attention to the person
who, despite all the difficulties,
has made this project a reality.
And I'm talking about you, Jonas.
The king!
Awesome as hell!
You really fought for this!
Yeah.
Well, being a project manager…
Strange expression.
Project. Manager.
To manage a project…
That's what I've done.
And I couldn't have done it without you.
Especially not without you, Ingela.
Your trust in me has been invaluable.
Thank you, Jonas.
Now let's all enjoy ourselves.
We're going to socialize
and get to know each other better.
And we'll indulge in some luxury.
We're going to combine work and pleasure,
especially pleasure.
Yeah!
If anyone asks, we're here
for "competence development."
It's a requirement
to make it tax-deductible.
-That's right.
-Very important. Thank you.
Kaj?
-Should I take a picture?
-What a journey.
KOLARSJÖN HOLIDAY VILLAGE
Would you look at this bunch!
Hello and welcome
to Kolarsjön Holiday Village!
Hi. I'm Jenny. This is Roger.
If you need anything, ask him. Or me.
Or both of us.
But if your toilet is blocked, ask Roger.
Hi there. Welcome.
This is Cleo. She'll take care of you
during the team-building exercise.
I hope you brought durable clothes,
'cause we're going to have fun!
And here's Karl, our chef.
I hope you brought Imodium.
Nah…
I'm just kidding, of course.
Anyway, we work closely
with our local grocery store…
Who the hell brought fireworks
and put them on my bags?
Those are mine.
-What for?
-Surprise. For the gang, later.
-Okay, so tonight we'll serve a…
-We can go over that later.
Great, Karl.
But now, let's go up to the guesthouse
to get you your cabin keys.
Come with me.
Yeah… Here is the…
Excuse me. I'm sorry.
Fuck!
Excuse me.
I've just returned to work
after taking some time off, so…
Oh, how nice.
Yeah, and I've been told
to avoid unnecessary stress.
This durable clothes thing…
There'll be no unnecessary stress.
It'll be nice and relaxed and fun.
Don't you worry.
Let's see.
We have Eva and Lina.
You'll share cabin one.
Aren't we a bit too old
for a pajama party? No?
And then we have Jonas and…
Ka-ka-ka-Kajan!
-Yes, cabin number two.
-Número dos.
-Then we have Amir and Torbjörn.
-Congrats, Amir.
-Cabin three.
-Thank you.
Nadja and Anette in four…
Excuse me, who decided
the living arrangements?
You're grouped by astrological signs.
You're a Cancer. You fit with a Scorpio.
-I'm a Scorpio.
-I'm a Cancer.
How exciting! Astrological signs.
That means, Ingela, that you're
by yourself in our luxury cabin.
We're an uneven number,
so someone had to sacrifice themselves.
Look, Anette. This is cultural history.
They weren't afraid
to roll up their sleeves.
-No.
-Look how dirty he is.
Who are these stars?
It's nice that someone is on our side
after all the fuss.
Fuss? More like an uprising.
All the complaints and reports…
I don't think people understand
what this means.
We think the mall will be a boost
for our municipality and for us…
I mean, we've already read this.
-Yeah…
-Why do you think we're here?
Maybe because nobody else wants us.
Roger!
Dammit!
-Where are you going?
-To fill up the gas. It's Roger's job.
Where is he?
In the cabins, finishing up.
But they're having lunch in two hours!
…a petition where the majority
vote against the shopping mall.
But there are no plans
to stop construction,
according to Backmann-Kroon.
Groundbreaking will happen tomorrow,
in front of the press,
with representatives
from the exploitation group…
What the hell?
Damn.
-Sorry.
-What?
Vindaloo, it just…
-Oh. No, it's not you.
-There's no toilet paper, if you're going.
Thanks. It's the cabin.
It smells like old, moldy cardboard.
-Do you smell it?
-This is so damn depressing.
But the standard will be higher
at next year's conference, right?
Beer?
I heard that Backmann-Kroon
flew their entire crew to Dubai last year.
Don't talk too much about that
before it's official.
Okay.
But it will happen, right?
Of course it will.
Did you see today's agenda?
-Environmental goals…
-Will you play guitar, Torbjörn?
Yeah, but it's sold out.
-Guns N' Roses?
-We don't have environmental goals.
You can't have a conference facility
without Wi-Fi.
-No…
-No, you can't.
We do have Wi-Fi.
It's just a bit unstable at times.
We'll sort it out!
-Roger, stop.
-What?
-Go fix the internet.
-Again?
-Yes!
-Is this a joke?
-Hurry, please!
-Yes.
"WE WON'T GIVE UP WITHOUT A FIGHT"
KOLARÄNGEN SHOPPING MALL
More and more families
report an increased threat
to the safety we should be able
to take for granted in our society.
In a world characterized
by gang-related crime,
it's difficult to find a place
to call home.
But there is still one municipality that
strives for solidarity and compassion.
A municipality where you can start anew.
-Hi!
-Hey there!
Here, community and neighborliness
are combined with traditional values.
Hey there!
Well, hi there!
If you're young with dreams of becoming
a drainage engineer,
please apply
at our construction high school.
Your imagination is the only limit
to your future.
Yeah!
A municipality to call your home,
your family, your life, your work,
or simply Kolarängen.
Welcome home!
"Welcome home."
A little inspiration to kick off the day.
Was I the only one who got goosebumps?
I'm sorry,
but did Nordfront make that movie?
There are white gang members there, too.
-Is everyone in Kolarängen white?
-Not in real life.
But this wasn't real life.
A bouquet of flowers
doesn't just consist of… of roses.
It's all kinds of flowers.
And all the flowers need to bloom.
Hey, Ingela… I have to ask you something.
What channel will air this crap?
Torbjörn, we're not airing it
on a regular TV channel.
-No?
-We'll upload it to YouTube.
How the hell can we waste resources
on these things?
I mean, back in my day, we handed out--
Everything was better back in your day.
You and the other men
could read porno mags in the break room
and eat liver pâté from the box.
Seriously,
I think we should consider if this
is really how we want to sell Kolarängen.
No, but perhaps
we could just shorten it a bit?
Just remove the beginning,
the middle and the end.
You're so funny, you guys.
You're so incredibly funny.
But how about you finish
one of your work tasks for once?
Everything you do just comes to nothing.
What about the invitations
for the ceremony tomorrow?
You were supposed to handle it.
Did that also come to nothing?
Now, how about we all sing
"We Shall Overcome"?
No, but perhaps a little break
to gather some energy?
-There's coffee in the lobby!
-We can't accept this.
-Coffee!
-Can you grab me a cup, Eva?
Yes.
That's great, Anette.
We got, what was it,
15 million for the land.
All the big chains will be there.
I got Backmann-Kroon
to keep the rents down
so local entrepreneurs
can get established in Kolarängen.
What large chains are coming?
A small furniture store that makes you
put together your own shelves.
-IKEA.
-We don't talk about that.
-Hey!
-Hi.
Hi. How does it feel to be back?
Did you miss us?
I missed you, of course.
I don't know about the rest.
No!
I really regret not sticking up for you
more before you went on sick leave.
I saw how overworked you were,
so I really wanted to talk to Ingela, but…
-It just…
-It's okay.
She wouldn't have listened anyway.
Okay, guys, let's continue.
Everyone's sharp after some caffeine.
Now, you youngsters…
Okay! Let's go!
Hi, Karl here! Call or leave a message…
Since we'll have so many new residents
in the municipality…
-What about my bus route proposal?
-Let's deal with that later.
Did you even present it?
I have presented your proposal.
It's been presented, thank you.
I can't see anything
about the actual costs here.
It sure must have cost a pretty penny.
I'm just saying, blueprints aren't free.
And building the road,
and the water and sewage…
Wait!
Of course it costs money
to invest in the future, right?
But the land is worth more
than what you sold it for.
Nadja, I've gone through the numbers
multiple times. They add up.
-Exactly, there's nothing more to discuss.
-But the mall hasn't been built yet.
But we're breaking ground tomorrow, dear.
Tomorrow!
In front of the entire press corps.
-You haven't worked with us for that long.
-No. So?
So you may not be familiar
with how we do things here.
Jonas has everything under control.
-Nadja, can I have a peek at that?
-Sure. I'll be quiet.
With an increase in population,
we're facing
an interesting situation
regarding housing…
Hold on. I don't recognize this, either.
Oh God, I can't take any more.
But where is the compensation agreement
for the farmer and his family, Pålsson?
We demolished his whole farm.
They have to be compensated.
Lina, we went through all of this
in the spring.
We did?
You signed the contracts.
Sure, it's my signature,
but it's the wrong contract.
-I wouldn't have signed this.
-So who signed it if you didn't?
Yet again with the speculations.
All these speculations.
We're supposed to be a team!
We can't question every little thing
if we're to make progress.
Do you remember what happened last time
we argued about petty things?
What happened?
Hey, Frans…
Frasse!
I was attacked.
Tearing down a family farm to build a mall
is no petty thing, is it?
It's capitalist depravity.
The shopping mall is part of
the municipality's welfare structure.
Listen, you have to break a few eggs
to make a pancake.
-Omelet.
-Right?
-What do you mean?
-Pancake. I heard the word "pancake."
Let's have lunch.
Hot dogs?
Is that all we get for lunch?
Yeah, we've had some issues
with our food deliveries. Here you go.
I thought we were having salmon.
Damn, this hot dog is cold. Stone cold.
Lina?
-Hi.
-God, you scared me.
How are you?
Yeah, I'm… I'm fine.
Can we just have a quick word?
-Sure.
-Cool.
What are you doing?
What do you mean?
You're questioning the contracts
in front of everyone.
Can't you see it's embarrassing for me?
Like I did something wrong?
And Ingela gets nervous as hell.
I just think it feels really difficult.
Okay, but I just told you what I saw.
-I didn't sign those contracts, Jonas.
-No.
-I don't recognize them at all.
-So who did?
Was it… the Little Ghost Godfrey, maybe?
Or maybe you don't remember?
Is that possible?
It's normal for your memory to fail a bit
when you've been stressed for a long time.
You start to disassociate
and fabricate things…
Think about what you say from now on.
Okay?
Yes?
We're out of crap paper in cabin two.
-We'll sort that out. No worries.
-Yup…
-So, where's the chef?
-He's preparing food, or dinner.
My main question is, really,
who has done the pricing…
All your questions are starting to feel
like the Nuremberg Trials.
But I have to be able to question things.
Aren't we here to discuss?
You have to be able to discuss it
the right way.
The last thing we want
is another Frans situation.
Who's Frans?
Frans? Who's Frans?
Did I miss something?
This is such a goddamn farce.
Remember back in the day, Eva,
when municipal workers
cared about farmlands
and understood their worth?
Do you understand?
-Look, Anette.
-What the hell is this?
Yeah, I think he's supposed to be
a charcoal burner.
Howdy, gang!
Well, I'm Sooty!
Yes, I'm here to inaugurate
a shopping mall here in Kolarängen.
We're going to have so much fun!
Does anyone happen to have seen
a little shopping mall
that's ready to be inaugurated?
It's Sooty! Kolarängen's very own mascot.
What's a charcoal burner?
They were the proletarians of the forest
and supplied the furnaces with coal.
The land we're now ravaging
to build malls on.
Give me a break, Anette.
Our municipality has the country's
most ambitious climate goals!
Do you know the difference
between climate and environmental goals?
-Don't bring politics into everything.
-Tell me.
If we are going on to bring in politics…
Someone's trying to make…
She does have a point.
Hey!
What is this goddamn attitude?
When I make an effort,
dress up and put on a show?
Entertainment.
I only have one thing to say:
pearls before swine.
Are you happy now?
There's cottage cheese pie and jam.
Don't worry about
what the others think and feel.
I… I don't care.
I feel sorry for them.
I do.
They have no humor.
What will happen to them, I wonder,
without creativity, "visionarity…"
Jonas, listen to me.
Those who truly mean something
know what you've accomplished.
And that's what's important.
People can't stand it when someone is…
When someone is as successful
and young and visionary as you.
They can't handle it. And you know what?
That's why I've decided to let you get
the first crack at the shovel tomorrow.
You.
Try it, Jonas.
Shovel.
Try shoveling a bit.
Just like that. Great.
That way. Like so.
A bit stronger.
A strong team is the foundation
of a successful organization,
so through communication and cooperation
we will understand each other better.
Exactly right!
That's so fucking well said, Ingela.
Like this…
And by communication,
I mean real communication.
Conversations, human interaction.
So that means no cell phones.
You have a lovely Christian energy.
So we can spend some time
together with our bodies.
Great. Put it in here.
Good. Really great.
We'll take that, and you can smoke
when you're back home and not here.
That's lovely.
You'll get to listen to me for a while.
Hey, such lovely energy!
And now I want all of you
to run back to your cabins
and change into durable clothes,
because now it's team-building time!
-I've made a quiz with topical questions.
-We won't have time for that.
-Amir.
-Yeah?
-You believe me, right?
-Yes, what?
-I didn't sign those documents.
-Okay. So who did?
I don't know, but…
We have to compensate the farmer.
It would be mad not to.
-How?
-We'll have to squeeze it into the budget.
-We'll have to contact him.
-Contact who? Pålsson?
Yeah.
But Lina…
Pålsson is dead.
Didn't you know?
What? When did he die?
After they demolished the farm.
He killed himself.
Shit.
Ingela doesn't want us talking about it,
because of the "negative connotations."
Of course.
Each team will build a raft!
At your disposal you have two pallets,
sixty PET bottles, two rolls of duct tape,
all your power animals
and a large bag of fighting spirit.
Let's go!
I'll start with the bags!
Tape it!
Torbjörn!
Bottles!
-Let me tape the bottles!
-And a shitload of tape!
-Jonas? Hello, do you hear me?
-Yes.
Come on, red team!
Hey, put those on the side. Tape it!
Come on! Screw that! Carry!
Come on!
The boys go!
Paddle!
This is so goddamn stupid.
-We won, Anette!
-Yeah, great.
-To hell with this.
-We won!
-Come on, let's have a beer.
-Brown team!
Roger?
Karl?
Cleo?
Hello!
Roger?
What the…
God…
What the fuck is this?
Oh, God…
Jump!
Jonas!
You are on a sinking ship.
You have been given a list of things.
During a limited time, you need to make
a joint decision as a team
about which of the things on this list
you will save.
You'll have to prioritize and compromise
under time pressure,
which generates stress.
Try to find a method
to deal with that stress.
You have one minute.
Okay.
Toilet paper seems very important.
That's a given.
But cans of food, they're hard work,
so maybe we can ditch them?
Then what will you eat?
I can drink myself full. I'm good at that.
Yeah, me too.
The laptop is coming.
So you'll swim
with a laptop under your arm?
Why's the laptop so important?
Well, Lina, everyone's different,
but for me, it's extremely important.
So you'd rather bring a laptop
than a life jacket?
Yes, I know how to swim,
but I can't recover hard drives.
Can't I recover the hard drives?
Yes, but no… Amir!
The laptop is coming right away!
But Jonas,
you can pull out the hard drive.
Let him take his laptop!
As long as I get a bottle of wine.
But it's all about
what matters to oneself.
If the laptop is important for Jonas…
Seven, six, five…
But guys!
Guys! Quiet!
How are we going to handle the oil spill
that happens when the boat sinks?
You're analyzing this task wrong!
Ring the gong!
THE HOLIDAY VILLAGE
WELCOMES THE SHOPPING MALL
…Costa Rica, in the jungle.
It was awesome as hell.
Watch this!
-Go, Jonas!
-You can't keep up?
You have awesome thighs!
-Are you ready for the baptism of fire?
-Yes!
Do we have a volunteer?
You, over there.
Up for it?
There won't be any stress.
It's just for fun.
Isn't it time to rip the band-aid off?
Just do it.
We're here to challenge ourselves.
To step out into the unknown.
Lina!
Hey, guys.
You guys…
Not like that.
It's great that you want
to encourage Lina, really.
But we know how fragile she is right now.
It's no damn picnic.
So if she's scared to…
If she doesn't want to,
she doesn't need to.
There is no shame in giving up.
-Sometimes you win by giving up.
-No, I…
I'll go.
No, Kaj.
That's not the way to go.
Come on.
Yeah, no… I don't want to.
I do want to remind all of you,
that this is the stuff
that makes you grow as a person.
We're here to have fun, you know.
So Cleo, I'm thinking about…
How often are these facilities inspected?
I've heard that these wires…
Back in my day, we went on conferences
to get a break from our daily routine,
and we went on conferences
to eat good food and drink beer.
That sounds a bit backwards, doesn't it?
I'm hearing disagreement in the group,
so let me say that honest disagreement
is often a sign of development.
-Who do you think said that?
-Phil Collins.
Tony Robbins.
Great guesses, everyone.
But it was in fact Mahatma Gandhi.
What did he mean by that?
No, he meant that respectful disagreement
between two people
is a way to reach success
in any path of life.
Damn well said.
EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT
BACKMANN-KROON
ABOUT THE PROCUREMENT
A PROFITABLE DEAL FOR YOU
THE LAND WILL BE WORTH SIGNIFICANTLY LESS
Got you, bastard.
Hey, guys.
It's about damn time
we took a group photo.
I need content.
-Cleo, can we have our phones back?
-Yeah.
Okay, so the taller people in the back,
and the shorter ones here.
Let's bunch up a little.
-Cleo?
-Yeah, no…
Let's wait until the withdrawal
wears off completely.
What?
You can talk to each other instead.
Why don't you analyze your disagreements,
and I'll…
-Where's my head?
-What's going on?
Bro, see you at the hot tub, hey?
-Hey! Where the fuck is my head?
-Is that a trick question, or what?
-It's there, between your shoulders.
-Funny.
-I brought a huge fucking head.
-No, I haven't seen it.
…this bullshit.
"It's between your shoulders." Yes, it is.
My head is between my shoulders.
Where the hell is yours? Up your ass?
I should have said that.
Whatever.
Fuck you.
No, it's fine.
Wow!
I spent two days
creating a playlist on my phone
for this exact occasion.
It's so goddamn annoying.
They'll probably want to see
who goes mad first without their phone.
I think it'll be Kaj, actually.
What if your 12 followers on Instagram
can't experience
this exciting life of yours?
Hashtag YOLO.
-Haha, Eva. But I have 83 followers.
-Okay.
Besides, no one even says "YOLO" anymore,
so you fail again.
-Oh, wow…
-Oh, Ledin!
A part of my heart
Will always beat for you
YOLO!
YOLO.
-Cheers!
-Cheers to you!
And cheers to us, guys!
Jenny?
Roger?
Karl?
Damn it!
What the…
Hello?
Oh my God…
Pour!
A little flower!
Dear friends,
I'd like to pause to reflect on…
…this day we've had together.
It's been a breathtaking day.
We've all opened up to each other
and taken off our masks,
and together we become who we really are.
You've opened up your hearts
to each other.
-I need the bathroom. Amir!
-Your masks…
This new opening
gives us the chance to do wonders.
Yes.
Tomorrow will be
an absolutely fantastic day.
Because now, we're all so close.
Feel! Our skin is touching.
Hey, Ingela?
That scar, can you still feel it?
I mean, physically, I don't feel it.
But you have to understand,
mentally, being attacked like that…
It's so hurtful.
That a co-worker can attack you like that…
You have to be able to feel safe at work.
-Right now we are.
-It doesn't go away.
No.
I went through Jonas' computer.
The compensation agreements,
the land sale,
the e-mails between Jonas,
Backmann-Kroon, and Kaj…
-Something's off here.
-Let me see.
All my documents are dated
a week before I went on sick leave.
Okay?
But the contracts they used were created
a month before they were signed.
So they backdated the contracts?
Apparently, and forged my signature.
No…
-One more thing.
-What?
There are no contracts with any chains.
No one's interested.
What about IKEA?
They're taking the big premises.
No. And when the shit hits the fan,
Jonas will be working for Backmann-Kroon.
There's a contract.
It's all here.
No, dammit,
my stomach is starting to rumble.
-Do you know what time it is, Eva?
-The time is…
-It's 7 p.m.
-It's 7 already?
Christ, they're an hour late.
Why can't they stick to the schedule
at this goddamn place?
It's freezing.
Do you want to come to my cabin?
Well, do you have anything to eat?
Potato chips, red wine.
Deal.
-The Wolf of Wall Street.
-What a great film.
You need an ISK.
ISK? Isk? Isk's the thing.
But if you really mean business,
you'll go with a crypto wallet.
Damn.
Did you get Kaj to forge my signature?
You're good at that.
Letting others do your dirty work.
Whoa.
Hold your horses.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, what are you talking about?
Did Backmann-Kroon offer you a job, too?
A pay raise and conference trips to Dubai?
That's not official, is it?
You know… Lina, damn it…
I know what you've done.
IKEA's not coming.
No one's coming.
Can you and I talk in private?
-Bro, you want me to tag along?
-No, hell no. I've got this.
You just sit there and enjoy. Enjoy!
Now I see why you gave me
all that extra work.
You had Ingela give me a lot
of unnecessary tasks to distract me.
And then you used my sick leave
to make everyone believe
that I was in the wrong.
Lina…
Look at me.
I like you.
Because you're smart. Up here.
But I'm wondering,
what are you really doing here?
You shouldn't be here,
you should be there.
You belong
on a much larger playing field, Lina.
This just hit me,
and it has to stay between us…
but I happen to know
that Backmann-Kroon are hiring.
In my position,
I could get you a sweet job over there.
With a great salary.
One where you'd actually be happy.
And we'll forget this bullshit.
What do you think?
No…
Screw that, then.
Why are you saying that IKEA's not coming?
-Well, are they?
-Yes, they are.
But they'll come in their own time.
And I don't need someone who…
walks around like this.
We're here because of me!
Did you forget that? It's mine!
I'm under so much pressure.
I'm digging tomorrow, with the shovel!
Do you get that?
I'll stand in front of the press and dig!
There'll be no revenue. No tourists.
The mall will be a fiasco.
The municipality will go bankrupt.
Where the hell are you getting this from?
Your extremely valuable laptop.
You're way out of your depth now, Lina.
You know that, right?
Either you come clean
and stop the construction
or I'm taking this to the police.
Damn, I love this song.
Anette, turn up the volume.
-Anette?
-What?
Turn up the volume!
This song means a lot to me.
What kind of shitty song is this?
No, it's getting late.
And here comes that one.
Hey, Sooty! Bro!
Hey, Sooty, my man!
It's cool, I'm just paranoid
about this Lina stuff and…
What are you doing with that? What?
Hello! Jenny?
We're starting to get hungry here. Hello?
Dear God…
True and righteous are Your Judgments.
Jonas!
Are you seeing this?
He's fucking hanging her up!
Who's that?
Sooty? What?
Run, Lina!
Run!
Get up!
What the fuck is going on?
The police. Call the police!
Hello? It's fucking dead!
What should we do?
The raft. Come on, the raft!
Ow!
Lift!
Dammit! I'll go first!
-Oh my God…
-Damn it!
There's blood everywhere.
Eva! Let's calm down, Eva.
Everything will be just fine…
Let go of me!
Fuck…
What sick bastard has done this?
It's that goddamn Frans
from the environmental office.
What are you doing?
Keep paddling!
The flash drive.
-What?
-Give it to me.
And we'll go ashore, call the police
and forget our old grudges, okay?
Give it to me.
Give it to me!
You're out of your mind.
If only you'd listened to me, Lina!
What a fucking team
we could have been, huh?
Such a fucking good
little fucking girl, aren't you?
Why the fuck is everyone against me?
Let's see.
Let's inhale through our nose
and exhale through our mouth.
We're on a sinking ship.
What do you need to survive
on a sinking ship?
What things do you need?
Okay.
I think you need to…
-For fuck's sake, Amir!
-You have to…
Quit nagging me, goddamn it!
I know these things.
-Yes.
-There.
Do you see anything?
No.
Hey, listen up.
We need to come up
with a damn good strategy.
-The minivan.
-What about it?
-Yes?
-Jonas has the keys…
-You can't go to the minivan, please!
I'm not leaving this house.
I'm not taking a step from here.
How can it be so damn hard to understand?
-Are you choosing Jonas' cabin or death?
-I'm staying here!
-Torbjörn?
-Yeah. No.
You're unbelievable.
-Nadja!
Hush!
-And Amir, where the hell is Amir?
-Huh?
What the hell?
Lina?
Lina!
Ouch! Damn it!
Lina?
Turn off the light.
-Did you see him?
-Is he out there?
-No!
-No…
No!
Fuck! No.
Fuck…
No…
No! Someone's here.
Calm down! It's us!
This is insane.
Listen… Listen, all of you.
From now on, we stick together.
We all stick together, okay?
Oh dear God…
What is it?
Anette…
Who was that with the mask and…
Little Kaj!
Did you see what happened to Kaj?
He just laid there like…
Kaj… There was so much… It was horrible.
We need to get it in place!
No, wait. Let me do that.
I'll do it.
There, there. Yuck.
Yuck, that's gross.
-Are you ready?
-Yeah…
This will sting a little…
Mother… fucking… bitch!
Quiet, or I won't stitch you up.
Fucking…
-Time for another one. Are you ready?
-Yes!
Like that…
-There we go. I'll pull a little now.
-Yes!
There.
Fuck…
I look terrible. Fuck.
Oh, my…
Who's this fucking psycho?
Who would do this?
Maybe it was…
Maybe it was my fault.
-What?
-Maybe.
-What are you talking about?
-I mean, I…
-Yeah, I…
I told him we were going here
for our conference.
-Who? Told who?
-I told him…
I told Frans.
-Frans?
-Yes.
Why the fuck are you talking to Frans?
We are friends.
-Friends?
-Yes.
-Oh, my…
-Right, that explains everything.
-What?
-You're unharmed. Aren't you?
-Yes… I'm sorry.
-Everyone is against me, damn it.
Everyone's so fucking stupid.
I need to get away.
Wait for me! I need to come with you!
Wait for me, Jonas. Wait for me!
Wait for me, Jonas.
Wait for me!
Push, now! Push, he's coming!
Push, for fuck's sake!
He's coming! Push, make yourself useful!
Stop!
-Ow, Jonas! No!
-Let go!
Wait for me! Jonas!
I know why you're doing this, Frans.
But please, listen. That's enough.
I…
I'm on your team.
I've really tried to make them understand
how this shopping mall
will impact the environment
and the citizens and…
But no one listens to me.
I can see why you're angry. I'm angry too.
Don't you want me to help you
take this silly head off? Huh?
It must be really heavy
and difficult to breathe and…
You're not Frans. Who are you?
We shall overcome…
We don't have any vehicles to get us out,
we can't call anyone
and there's a killer
waiting for us out there.
If we're lucky. He might be in here.
We should stay here until help arrives.
He might kill us before that.
That chef has to come back some time.
How delayed can a dinner really get, huh?
The zipline.
It would take us right across the lake.
We'll go there together, guys. Come on.
Come on, Eva.
"WE WON'T GIVE UP WITHOUT A FIGHT"
Amir, come on now.
What's going on? Let's go.
I don't think it's Frans doing this.
What's that?
Oh, shit… It's Pålsson's boy.
He was the one
who found his dad in the stable.
Damn…
-Let's go, Amir.
-Come on.
-Let's do this, damn it.
-Is there gasoline in this?
Can anyone see anything?
Be quiet!
There he is!
Back up!
Run!
Eva!
No, come back!
Run, Eva!
Wait, Eva!
Run!
-Run, Lina!
-Keep on running!
No! Here!
Here.
There.
Come on.
What the hell… Eva?
What the hell…
Eva?
Eva, what the hell?
…then I'll call Mom
and hope she's in a good mood…
Eva? What the hell?
What are you doing, Eva?
You can't be here.
Surely you understand that, Eva? Come on.
Don't touch me!
One more step, Lina. Come on!
Come on. One more step. You can do this.
What the hell?
What the…
Perhaps it's Anette. Torbjörn, be careful.
Anette?
Is it the police?
Maybe it's the police, Torbjörn.
Be careful, Torbjörn.
-Anette?
-Is it Anette?
Anette, is…
Run, Eva, damn it. Run!
You perverted son of a bitch!
Oh, come on.
Come on!
Mosquito season started early this year.
Tor… Tor… Torbjörn!
-Torbjörn?
-Yeah?
-I almost had him.
-For sure, Torbjörn.
You did great.
-But hey?
-Yeah?
Let's go. Come on, Torbjörn.
That bastard.
We're going to finish this.
We're going to finish this
once and for all, Eva.
Okay.
SOS 112, what's your emergency?
-Ready?
-Yes, how's your ear?
-What?
-Your ear.
-Again.
-Your ear!
It's okay. I put a band-aid on…
Yeah, that's good.
-Let's do this.
Yeah.
You open the door and I'll stab.
On three. One, two…
…three.
Eva! Don't fucking touch Eva!
Let her go! Let Eva go!
Let her go!
No!
It's alright, Eva. Now we have him!
You'll see, Eva!
Hell yeah!
Yes, fucking burn!
No!
Nadja!
Here!
You bastard!
What the hell happened here?
We've been doing competence development.
"WE WON'T GIVE UP WITHOUT A FIGHT"
THE CONFERENCE